Update Benchmark index to reflect TOC (#7560)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _benchmark/index.md

![Benchmark workflow]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/benchmark/osb-workflow.jpg).

> The OpenSearch Benchmark documentation is split into three sections:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OpenSearch Benchmark documentation is split into four sections:
```

- [Quickstart]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/benchmark/quickstart/): Learn how to quickly run and install OpenSearch Benchmark.
- [User guide]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/benchmark/user-guide/index/): Dive deep into how OpenSearch Benchmark can help you track the performance of your cluster.
- [Tutorials]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/benchmark/tutorials/index/): Use step-by-step guides for more advanced benchmarking configurations and functionality.

> - [Reference]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/benchmark/reference/index/): A detailed reference of metrics, commands, telemetry devices, and workloads.

Reviewer 2: The description should start with an action verb so that the bullets are parallel. For example, "Provides a detailed reference of...."

> - [Reference]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/benchmark/reference/index/): A detailed reference of commands, and command options, metrics, and workload options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Reference]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/benchmark/reference/index/): A detailed reference of metrics, commands, telemetry devices, and workloads.
```
?
